Once upon a time there was a young lad named Spongebob.
Spongebob lived in a pineapple under the sea in a town called Bikini Bottom.
Spongebob is a rather peculiar citizen of Bikini Bottom. 
Unlike most residence, who are fish or other sea creatures, Spongebob, as his suggests, is a literal kitchen sponge. Imagine that.
Surprisingly, SpongeBob doesn't put himself to use to clean dishes, but instead he works at a rather mediocre "restaurant" called the Krusty Krab,
where he single handedly serves up the town's must beloved hamburger: the Krabby patty. SpongeBob's story is full of interesting conflicts involving many memorable allies and several somewhat disappointing foes.

One of SpongeBob's allies is his best friend, Patrick. Patrick is a starfish with less-than-stellar wit.
He is a frequent patron of the Krusty Krab, where the two friends' antics drive Spongebob's coworker, Squidward, up the wall.
Squidward dreams of a day when he can leave his minumum wage cashier job and become a full time painter/clarinetist.
However, the citizens of Bikini Bottom all know that these dreams will almost certainly never come true, though none of them have the heart to tell him so.

It was another day at the Krusty Krab- Squidward taking orders, Spongebob flipping some patties, and Patrick up to who-knows-what. Then disaster struck.
You see, there is a very delicate formula in forming the perfect burger, the Krabby Patty. And this formula is like an ecosystem, a rainforest if you will.
Mess with the formula and you mess with the ecosystem, killing the rainforest more or less. This just so happened to be the day that Spongebob "killed-the-rainforest," 
if you will. Everybody knows that the lettuce goes on underneath the meat-patty as it can then catch and absorb the juices. Spongebob, in his haste, forgot
to add the lettuce until after the meat-patty had already been placed. And thus the rainforest died, metaphorically of course.

SpongeBob's friend Patrick dash in and eat the perfect Krab burger with Ketchup and Mannyo.
He said that's the best bueger in the world. SpingBob really happy abou that. 
Patrick go back home with SpongeBob.
In the middle of the way, Patrick start feeling stomach pain.
SpongeBod want to call ambulance but cell dont work under water.
After, 10 seconds Patrick get superpower from the bueger and he fly back home with SpongeBob.

Once home, Spongebob received a call from Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy - the sinister Man Ray has been spotted robbing the Bikini Bottom bank!
Spongebob and Patrick quickly suited up, and Patrick flew them to the crime scene using his nifty new flying powers. Spongebob and Patrick arrive
just as Man Ray is about to leave the bank, pockets full of cash. Man Ray draws his ray gun, and fires a few blasts at Spongebob and Patrick, but
Spongebob and Patrick are too nimble and easily dodge the lasers. With an opening in front of him, Man Ray makes a run for the exit, however, Patrick
puts his new flying powers to use and swiftly dashes into Man Ray, knocking him out and saving the town's money. With this, the police arrive to arrest
Man Ray, and Spongebob and Patrick are honored as Bikini Bottom Heros. Spongebob and Patrick return home to live happily ever after - Final Commit Matthew Kottwitz
